<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
>
	<h2>
		What happens to the my PST file after it has been uploaded?
	</h2>
	<p>
		It is temporarily stored on disk in the server, and automatically deleted shortly after processing.
	</p>

	<h2>
		Will anyone else be able to look at my PST file?
	</h2>
	<p>
		The location in which the file is stored is accessible only by Bufflehead Software employees, who are subject to a very
		strict policy of not examining user PST files in any way for any reason without permission from the file's submitter.
		This policy is spelled out clearly to all employees, and failure to obey it shall result in termination of employment. 
	</p>

	<h2>
		Where is the PST demonstration application web server hosted?
	</h2>
	<p>
		The PST demonstration application web server is hosted by Rackspace, in the US. This means that the web host is subject
		to the provisions of the Patriot Act.
	</p>

	<h2>
		"Subject to the Provisions of the Patriot Act?" What does that mean?
	</h2>
	<p>
		Rather like the memebers of Congress who signed it into law, we haven't read the Patriot Act and have absolutely no clue
		of the ramifications of the web host being subject its provisions. It would be prudent, however, not to upload a PST
		file if it contains, or has ever contained, information you would not want to be seen by the FBI, CIA, TSA, or the
		Department of Homeland Security.
	</p>
</html>