<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
>
	<h2>
		We're in Beta!
	</h2>
	<p class="blog-date">
		January 16, 2012
	</p>

	<p>
		After almost a year of hard work, research, decyphering Microsoft technical documentation, and testing, testing,
		testing, we are finally up and running. This is the Beta version of our software and demonstration application.
		What's this mean to you? It means, to be honest, that we don't expect things to always work perfectly yet. There will
		be times when we can't process a PST file properly, because it includes some information we haven't seen or tested yet.
		Theoretically, the documentation from Microsoft describing the PST file format is sufficient, but there are areas we
		know are subject to interpretation. We've tested a large number of PST files, and ensured that all our test cases work
		properly, but we are certain that cases remain where the documentation is ambiguous, or occasionally even incorrect.
	</p>
	<p>
		If you encounter an instance in which the upload process fails, please be sure to try to upload the file again later.
		Rest assured that our team of experts has been notified and is working hard to resolve the problem. Note that at no
		time will anyone look at the PST file which caused the problem; troubleshooting always uses indirect methods, including
		stack traces and diagnostic logging. This usually takes longer than using the PST file directly, but is the only way to
		ensure your privacy remains secure and respected.
	</p>
</html>