# Extras
This contains scripts, a database, and some notes that don't fit anywhere else

## extract_properties_from_java.pl
This file was used to pull existing property definitions out of the pst project's Java files for the [ms-oxprops-db([https://github.com/Jmcleodfoss/ms-oxprops-db).
It will never need to be run again. It is here for now as a historical artifact.

## getpropertylids.sh
Script to generate the source file for io.github.jmcleodfoss.pst.PropertyLIDs from the properties.csv file when the latter changes. This should be run from the extras directory:
```
./getpropertlids.sh
mv PropertyLIDs.java ../pst/src/main/java/io/github/jmcleodfoss/pst
```

## getpropertytags.sh
Script to generate the source file for io.github.jmcleodfoss.pst.PropertyTags from the properties.csv file when the latter changes. This should be run from the extras directory:
```
./getproperttags.sh
mv PropertyTags.java ../pst/src/main/java/io/github/jmcleodfoss/pst
```

## make_contacts_xslt.sh
Script to generate xslt/pst_contacts_to_html.xml, the xslt template for converting an XML list of contacts generated by PSTIPFFolderTypeToXML into HTML.
```
./make_contacts_xslt.sh
mv pst_contacts_to_html.xml ../xslt
```

## make_meetings_xslt.sh
Script to generate xslt/pst_meetings_to_html.xml, the xslt template for converting an XML list of meetings generated by PSTIPFFolderTypeToXML into HTML.
```
./make_meetings_xslt.sh
mv pst_meetings_to_html.xml ../xslt
```

## make_notes_xslt.sh
Script to generate xslt/pst_notes_to_html.xml, the xslt template for converting an XML list of notes generated by PSTIPFFolderTypeToXML into HTML.
```
./make_notes_xslt.sh
mv pst_notes_to_html.xml ../xslt
```

## make_stickynotes_xslt.sh
Script to generate xslt/pst_stickynotes_to_html.xml, the xslt template for converting an XML list of stickynotes generated by PSTIPFFolderTypeToXML into HTML.
```
./make_stickynotes_xslt.sh
mv pst_stickynotes_to_html.xml ../xslt
```

## make_tasks_xslt.sh
Script to generate xslt/pst_contacts_to_html.xml, the xslt template for converting an XML list of tasks generated by PSTIPFFolderTypeToXML into HTML.
```
./make_tasks_xslt.sh
mv pst_tasks_to_html.xml ../xslt
```

## properties.csv
The list of properties from various versions of the MS-OXPROPS document
## test.sh
A file to test everything. Run from the root directory, with pst files in the test-pst-files directory.
```
extras/test.sh
```

## ToDoList.txt
My old to-do list. It still has a few pending items.
